The program Credible checks the validity of a credit card by using Luhn's algorithm. The algorithm passes all over the credit card numbers, multiplying some of them by 2, and eventually sums it all up. If the sum is a valid credit card number, it returns to the user that it's a valid one. Else, it just tells them that it's not existing. The user is not able to enter any other thing besides numbers in order to prevent errors and unnecessary uses. Future features will include a brute force search for existing credit card numbers based on a number that is close to one but is not included. Additional features will show history of valid credit cards' use and will be able to be exported as a file. Since for every possible credit card combination, there are 72,000 options for CVV and expiration date, due to most of the credit cards' expiration date is only 6 years forward, we get that for every credit card number that is valid, we can use brute force to get 72,000 combinations and immediately get a valid credit card. Some companies use a template credit card number on the first four digits. For example, Visa in Israel uses 4580. Mastercard will use a different variation, such as 5558. Some other cards will use different variations as well, depends on the card type and the card company. Using this knowledge, we can immediately deduct countless numbers that did not exist but satisfy the algorithm. Future features will include all card types in order to prevent unnecessary resources for brute force searches of existing credit cards. The following screenshots will demonstrate just the beginning and the tip of the iceberg about what the program currently offers.
